The Problem (As given on Geeks for Geeks):

  You are given a set of n types of rectangular 3-D boxes, where the i^th box has height h(i), width w(i) and depth d(i) (all real numbers). You want to create a stack of boxes which is as tall as possible, but you can only stack a box on top of another box if the dimensions of the 2-D base of the lower box are each strictly larger than those of the 2-D base of the higher box. Of course, you can rotate a box so that any side functions as its base. It is also allowable to use multiple instances of the same type of box.
  
How to Make Sense of It:

  In this problem there are n types of 3 dimensional boxes. As such, each type of box can be rotated to form three unique instances of itself, each with its own length, width and height. For this fact, a set of n types of boxes leaves us with 3n ways to add a box of that type to the stack. In other words, we can generate 3n boxes from the n types of boxes available for stacking.
  
  In order to find the height tallest possible stack from these boxes, we must break our problem down into subproblems with optimal structures. To do so, a good first decision would be to choose a box to represent the top of the stack, and then work our way down. This creates the following recursive relationship for maximum stack height (MH): The maximum stack height for a stack with box b at the top is the height of box b itself, plus the maximum possible stack height generated using only boxes that fit underneath box b in the stack.
  
  In order to solve this problem dynamically, we need to recognize that for one box b to fit legally beneath any other, it must have strictly larger length and width dimensions, and thus a larger base area (length(b) * width(b) > length(other) * width(other)). Also, the boxes with the largest base areas will have a tendency to be the top of relatively small stacks, and to be underneath top boxes with smaller base areas in the more optimal stacks. Because of this, it is useful to sort all of the 3n boxes we have generated in decreasing order of their base areas. Once we have done so, the recursive relationship can be formally expressed MH(b) = Max(MH(c)) + height(b) where b represents our choice for the top box and c represents any box that can go underneath b. 
  
  From here, we have all the information we need to design and implement an efficient algorithm. We will start with the list of all of our boxes in decreasing order of base area, paired with their respective maximum stack heights. Initially, we will set all the maximum stack heights to the heights of the boxes they correspond to, but most will be updated as we complete the problem. In order to complete the problem effctively, we will need to traverse the list from left to right, comparing each box b to all boxes to the right of b, in order to determine whether or not those boxes will fit on top of b. Whenever we discover such a box, we wil update the maximum stack height of this newly discovered box e. This will be done by replacing the MH(e) with the maximum of MH(e), and MH(e) + height(e). Doing this prevents us from having to go back and reconsider the height of any box that might might fit underneath b, since the MH(b) will already be determined by the time we reach b in our traversal. On the whole, this operation will end up being O(n^2), which is way more effficient than brute force. 
  
